Adding US902 configuration example (#805)
Azure/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit: docs/user-guide/station-configuration.md

In the following we describe how to register an LBS in IoT Hub and how to store its configuration.

1. Create an IoT Hub device that has a name equal to the LBS EUI in hex-representation, e.g. `DCA632FFFEB32FC6`. If you are running a dev kit on a Linux machine, the EUI will be retrieved from the MAC address of the eth0 interface as follows:

    ```bash
    cat /sys/class/net/eth0/address # prints the MAC Address of eth0
    # Assuming aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff is the returned MAC Address
    # your EUI will be AABBCCFFFEDDEEFF 

>     # Please note the insertion of FFFE in the middle, as per https://doc.sm.tc/station/glossary.html?highlight=mac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Please note the insertion of the literals 'FFFE' in the middle, as per https://doc.sm.tc/station/glossary.html?highlight=mac
```
it's a bit missleading that you have ee:ff in the original address. I would suggest using  gg:hh to differentiate

          ],
          "sx1301_conf": [
            {
              "radio_0": { "enable": true, "freq": 902700000 },
              "radio_1": { "enable": true, "freq": 903400000 },
              "chan_FSK": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": 300000 },
              "chan_Lora_std": {
                "enable": true,
                "radio": 0,
                "if": 300000,
                "bandwidth": 500000,
                "spread_factor": 8
              },
              "chan_multiSF_0": { "enable": true, "radio": 0, "if": -400000 },
              "chan_multiSF_1": { "enable": true, "radio": 0, "if": -200000 },
              "chan_multiSF_2": { "enable": true, "radio": 0, "if": 0 },
              "chan_multiSF_3": { "enable": true, "radio": 0, "if": 200000 },
              "chan_multiSF_4": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": -300000 },
              "chan_multiSF_5": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": -100000 },
              "chan_multiSF_6": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": 100000 },
              "chan_multiSF_7": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": 300000 }
            }
          ],
          "nocca": true,
          "nodc": true,
          "nodwell": true
        }

>       }

Reviewer: What about putting thos in collapsible sections
e.g. 

<details>
  <summary>US915 Example Configuration</summary>
  ```json
    {
        "routerConfig": {
          "NetID": [1],
          "JoinEui": [["DCA632FFFEB32FC5", "DCA632FFFEB32FC7"]],
          "region": "US902",
          "hwspec": "sx1301/1",
          "freq_range": [902000000, 928000000],
          "DRs": [
            [10, 125, 0],
            [9, 125, 0],
            [8, 125, 0],
            [7, 125, 0],
            [8, 500, 0],
            [0, 0, 0],
            [0, 0, 0],
            [0, 0, 0],
            [12, 500, 1],
            [11, 500, 1],
            [10, 500, 1],
            [9, 500, 1],
            [8, 500, 1],
            [8, 500, 1]
          ],
          "sx1301_conf": [
            {
              "radio_0": { "enable": true, "freq": 902700000 },
              "radio_1": { "enable": true, "freq": 903400000 },
              "chan_FSK": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": 300000 },
              "chan_Lora_std": {
                "enable": true,
                "radio": 0,
                "if": 300000,
                "bandwidth": 500000,
                "spread_factor": 8
              },
              "chan_multiSF_0": { "enable": true, "radio": 0, "if": -400000 },
              "chan_multiSF_1": { "enable": true, "radio": 0, "if": -200000 },
              "chan_multiSF_2": { "enable": true, "radio": 0, "if": 0 },
              "chan_multiSF_3": { "enable": true, "radio": 0, "if": 200000 },
              "chan_multiSF_4": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": -300000 },
              "chan_multiSF_5": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": -100000 },
              "chan_multiSF_6": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": 100000 },
              "chan_multiSF_7": { "enable": true, "radio": 1, "if": 300000 }
            }
          ],
          "nocca": true,
          "nodc": true,
          "nodwell": true
        }
      }
    }
  ```
</details>

Reviewer: Or in a differtent file? 
Thinking of this as wqe will soon have china and AS here
